# Project Link: 
- Desktop Application: https://github.com/Codronix/Capstone-Project-Desktop-App
- Mobile Application: https://github.com/Codronix/Capstone-Project-Mobile-App
# NOTE
- This project is not perfect. It still has bugs.
- If you want to try out the project, do not forget to enter your Firebase API Key and Firebase database link which can be located inside the Database.cs class.
- Project is created in Visual Studio 2019.
- You need to install a Crystal Report Service Pack that supports your current version of Visual Studio.
# ____________________________________________
# Bus Management System with GPS Tracking Using Android

This is a project created using Visual Studio and uses Firebase Realtime database for online access.
A project created for a Bus Company to store, manage and keep track of company employee records and company bus records.

It has two applications:
- Desktop App
- Mobile App (Android Only)

# Desktop Application
- The desktop application is mainly for the company owner only.

Desktop Application Function:
- Store employee and bus records.
- Generate Employee Payroll.
- Printing of Payslip with the use of Crystal Reports.
- Keeping track of profits generated by each busses per day from the mobile application.

# Mobile Application
- The Mobile Application is for the employees(Driver, Conductor, & Booker) and passengers.

Mobile Application Function:
- Each account(Driver, Conductor, Booker, & Passenger Accounts) has it's own account functionality.

# Driver Account
- Get passenger live location pins in maps via GPS.
- View passenger count boarding and unloading the bus or inside the bus. (This feature is controled by the Bus Conductor)
- Keep Track of Passengers Manifest.

# Conductor Account
- Manage passenger payments.
- View passenger count boarding and unloading the bus or inside the bus.
- Digital Payment using QR Scan with Passenger Account in the same Mobile App.
- Keep Track of Passengers Manifest.

# Booker Account
- Dispatch Bus for Travel.
- Keep Track of Passenger Manifest.
- Manage Passenger payment.

# Passenger Account
- Scan QR for Digital Payment.
- View busses on trip and their available capacities.
- Show passenger location for specific bus chosen to share location to using GPS.
- Get bus live location via GPS.
- Passenger Account Top Up or Loading Feature used for Digital Payment.
